Team: 2
Members: Andreas Keating, Ceci Herriman, Christopher Yon, Kelsey Bishqemi, Kyra Brown

Project Title: Sink ‘Em (Battleship)
Our team plans to create an online battleship multiplayer game. Users can create a game, giving them a game code to share with the other player to join the game with. This will bring them to a welcome page asking if they are ready. Once they have both pressed that they are ready to start the game, they will see the starting game page with an empty board. This is where both players will place their ships in the locations and orientations they desire. When they are done placing their ships, users will press a “Ready” button. When both buttons are pressed, the game will continue. One player will be chosen to go first, and will have 30 seconds to choose a board square they want to attack. When they click and confirm their square, each player will be shown where the attack was located and if it was a hit or miss. Then, the next player goes and the process repeats. When all of a player’s battleships have been sunk, they lose, and the game is over. Users will be shown a game outcome screen of “You Lose!” or “You Won!” with a button to return home. 
To place ships in the beginning of the game, users will click a ship located off the board, which will place it on the board. The ship will remain selected, and the user can move it using the keys WASD. To rotate the ship, users can use the left and right arrow keys. When they are done placing the ship, they can press enter or a confirm button on the screen. If they want to change the placement later, they can click on the ship which will select it again. To choose a square to attack, the user can click the square and then press a “Confirm Attack” button on the bottom of the screen. 
Our team plans to use Node.js for the server-side programming and JavaScript + React for the frontend programming. We will also use express and WS for server programming and real-time communication handling. We will use MongoDB for storing game-related data such as board states and Tailwind for our CSS styling. We will host our project on Render.